Sir/Ma,\nYour message is received and the contents therein quite understood.\nSend back your filled Presidential Form as transmitted to you alongside a copy of your ID as required by Law. I will submit the same to the Presidency for final processing and authorization to the paying Bank. The Presidency has commenced your funds release processes, awaiting receipt of your government mandatory fee to authorize the Scotland Bank to wire your funds into your account.\nIn accordance with Huge funds and Presidential Laws, the mandatory Government fee covers the processing, insurance and deposit charges to be paid by you and as soon as the charges are confirmed, the Scotland Bank will wire the whole funds into your account. Meanwhile, upon my application,I have received a copy of the deposit Certificate from the paying bank through the Presidency for your perusal and I will send you the copy, for understanding of the legality of this transaction.\nMeanwhile, send me your working voice telephone numbers to call you for oral communication.
Greetings to you.\nMy name is Ms. Wai Wan, Vice Chairman/Ceo/Executive Director of my bank in Hong Kong.\nAfter several official inquiries from the foreign trade office of our Chambers of Commerce and Industry, I decided to contact you directly for your cooperative assistance. I am interested to transfer funds to your country through your assistance.\nI am in Hong Kong presently and I have the sum of Forty Eight Million US Dollars which I would like to transfer into your account to invest in your country if possible.\nI made this money (US$48,000,000.00) through genuine banking means in the 2014 fiscal year. I choose you because I cannot be directly involved because I am still working with my current bank, I hope you can understand my situation and assist me to receive and i nvest this money properly as this is my only hope.\nYou will get 40% of the total fund as commission for your sympathetic co-operation while 60% will be for me.\nIf you accept this offer, I will appreciate your timely response.\nWith respect.\nMs. Wai Wan.
Assalamu alaikum wa rahmatullahi wa barakatuh,\nMy name is Samir EL Saleh. I’m from Al Jahra’, State of Kuwait. I’m interested in investing in any good profitable yielding business and I would appreciate any viable ideas you could come up with. I’m proposing to invest the sum of Seven Million United States Dollars ($7,000,000 USD) for this. I don’t know if you can be of help to me.\nIn recent times, I’ve been having issues with my uncle based on my late dad’s shares. I had to take every necessary precaution in other to sell off the shares without his notice and elope to any country. During my visit to Asia, I made enquirers on certain companies that usually help in the aspect of safekeeping investment funds and a specific company located in Malaysia known as E-Secure International was the best option for me in terms of security and immunity aspect. I had to make the deposit to the company and I was given a mandate of 6months.\nI had a call from the company days back in other to remind me of the fund deposit I made with there company as it is already 6months in which I and the company agreed upon for safe keeping. Considering the issues and contention with my uncle,I can’t travel to Malaysia in other to secure the fund I deposited with the company. I’ve been exempted from traveling until the issue I am having with my uncle is resolved.\nDue to my present state, I need your help in terms of traveling to Malaysia in other to secure the fund for me. I spoke with the company days back seeking if it is possible for me to appoint someone to come secure the fund. There respond to me was positive and instructed that I should send a copy of the CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT, OFFICE NUMBER and ADDRESS to whomever I appoint that will be responsible for the fund pickup. In doing this,I am willing to offer you 35% of any investment done with the fund.\nAll I need is your reliability in doing this and every further details and contact of the company will be provided based on your determination in handling this. I’ll be expecting a response from you as soon as possible. Your cooperation in this regard will be highly appreciated. Email me at elsalehsamir@gmail.com for more details\nRegards,\nSamir EL Saleh.
Hello my dear\nMay peace of our almighty god be unto you\nGreeting in the name of our almighty god i wish you and your family happy moments of life now and forever more amen.my name is mrs bahadur reza nobakhti ,69 yers old from dubia living in in abidjan, cote d´ivoire,please, i do not have formal relationship with you but because of my present predicament and circumstances i am made to contact you.i have been suffering from cancer and have a short life to leave.i have made up my mind to donate my inheritance of 3.5million usd to the less privileged please help me to fulfill my last wish,please contact me here.\n[ reza_ba20@yahoo.com ]\nPlease contact me in my personal email .. [ reza_ba20@yahoo.com ]\nI wait to hear from you\nThanks\nMrs bahadur reza nobakhti
Dearest one in the Lord.\nIt is my pleasure to write to you after considering your profile My name is STELLA GALLAS a nationality of Kuwait. I am married to MR.MARTINS GALLAS who worked with Kuwait Company in United Kingdom for nine years before he died in the year 2006. We were married for eleven years without a child; he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both born again Christians.\nWhen my late husband was alive we deposited the sum of $8.3Million (Eight Million three hundred thousand U.S. Dollars) with a BANK in London Presently, this money is still with the BANK. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to church or better still a Christian individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want you to use this fund for churches, orphanages, Research centres and widows propagating to the word of God and to ensure that the house of God is maintained.\nThe Bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth. I took this bold decision because I don’t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband’s relatives are not Christians and I don’t want my family hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers. I don’t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision.\nI am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going to. I know that I am going to be in the bosom of the Lord. Exodus 14 VS 14 says that the lord will fight my case and I shall hold my peace. With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the BANK. I will also issue you a letter of authority that will empower you as the new beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the church to always pray for me because the lord is my Shepherd. My happiness is that I lived a life of a worthy Christian.\nWhoever that wants to serve the Lord must serve him in spirit and truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or Christian individual for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated here in.\nHoping to hearing from you soon.\nRemain blessed in the name of the Lord.\nYours-in-Christ,\nMRS. STELLA GALLAS
Dear good day friend,\nI greet you with the name in the name of the LORD Almighty the giver of every good thing. Good day and compliments of the seasons, I know it is true that this letter may come to you as a surprise. Nevertheless, I humbly ask you to give me your attention and hear me well., but I implore you to take the time to go through it carefull yas the decision you make will go off a long way to determine my futur eand continued existence. I am Mrs. Jovann Mafra widow of 58 years old suffering from long time illness. I have some funds I inherited from my late husband, the sum of (23.5 Million Dollars) and I needed a very honest and God fearing who can withdraw this money then use the funds for Charity works. I WISH TO GIVE THIS FUNDS TO YOU FOR CHARITY WORKS. I found your email address from the internet after honest prayers to the LORD to bring me a helper and i decided to contact you if you may be willing and interested to handle these trust funds in good faith before anything happens to me.\nHaving known my condition I decided to donate this money to Churches, organizations or good person that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct herein. I want you to use this money for Churches, Charity organizations, orphanages, widows and other people that are in need. l took this decision because I don’t have any child that will inherit this money . Moreover, my husband relatives are not close to me since I develop a Cancer problem and it had been their wish to see me dead in order to inherit his wealth since we have no Child. These people are not worthy of this inheritance. This is why I am taking this decision.\nI want your urgent reply to me so that I will give you the deposit receipt which the COMPANY issued to me as next of kin for immediate transfer of the money to your account in your country, to start the good work of God, I am desperately in keen need of assistance and I have summoned up courage to contact you for this task, you must not fail me and the millions of the poor people in our todays WORLD. This is no stolen money and there are no dangers involved,100% RISK FREE with full legal proof. Please if you would be able to use the funds for the Charity works kindly let me know immediately. I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality and trust in this matter to accomplish my heart desire, as I don’t want anything that will jeopardize my last wish. I want you to take 40 percent of the total money for your personal use while 60% of the money will go to charity.I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality and trust in this matter to accomplish my heart desire, as I don’t want anything that will jeopardize my last wish. Any delay in your reply may give me room to look for another good person for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. I don’t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my ill-health. Your urgently responses is needed through this email address: = ( mrs.jovannmafra@gmail.com )\nThanks and Remain blessed\nYours Sister in The Lord,\nMrs. Jovann Mafra.
I hereby send to you the information submitted by Mrs. Diane Thill From Philadelphia , with an application to receive the payment of $41.2million United States Dollars on your behalf. Please as a matter of urgency, you are required to verify the following information and inform us if you are aware or know anything about this.\n1. Did you instruct one Mrs. Diane Thill From Philadelphia, whose information’s is below, to claim and receive the payment on your behalf?\n2. Did you sign any “Deed of Assignment” in her favor thereby making her the current beneficiary with the following account details: Account Name: Diane Thil, A/C #USD114-1025567-8, Bank Name:The Sovereign Bank, Philadelphia, Swift Code: SCBL 11K111.\nFinally, you are hereby advised to indicate to this honorable office with immediate effect, if you are the person that instructed Mrs. Diane Thill to come forward for the claim of these funds\nYou are to call with the above Phone Number for more clarifications. You are hereby to send to this office your full information so that we the entire members of this bank will verify and to check Mrs. Diane Thill own file which he sent to us,so that we can know the real owner of this said amount.\n1. Your Full Banking Details………………………………….\n2. Your Contact Address…………………………………….\n3. Your Telephone/Fax Number……………………………\n4. Your Profession/Religion…………………………….\n5. Your Age And Current Occupation………………….\n6. Attach Copy of Your Identification…………………\nWe are very much aware that you are still in contact with some other office(s) and we hope you are fully ready to stop every communication with any other office(s) in order to enable us help you receive this fund.Call me on the Telephone number +234 708 2750967 for further details after you have send in the requested information as directed above.We wait to hear from you as soon as possible.If you know you are ready to comply fully with every directives of the bank in order to complete this,then you are kindly advised not to respond as this not a joke.\nMr. George Hamington\nDirector of Foreign Operations\nEco Bank Plc
Dear Friend,\nI am Mr. Wong Shiu Ki, an Account Officer with the International Bank of Taipei and I have a very sensitive and confidential brief for you from international bank of Taipei, Taiwan. I am requesting for your partnership in re-profiling funds I will give the details, but in summary, the funds are coming via Bank of Taipei Taiwan.\nThis is a legitimate transaction; you will be paid 30% for your Management Fees”. If you are interested, please write back and provide me with your confidential telephone and fax numbers, Country and I will provide further details and instructions. Please keep this confidential, as we can’t afford more political problems. Finally, please note that this must be concluded within two weeks. Please write back promptly to my private email: Mr_wong_shiuki@163.com Please do not reply if you are not interested.\nPlease if you are not interested delete from your mailbox.\nI look forward to it.\nRegards,\nMr Wong Shiu Ki.\nMr_wong_shiuki@163.com
Hello friend\nHow are you doing? My names are Susan Jane Helms, Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force and a former NASA Astronaut, i saw your email and decided to contact you on something important, am a woman of integrity, am not contacting you for childish games, rather i have a profitable something to share with you.\nPlease do not fail to contact on this email address : ( susanjjhelms@hotmail.com )\nKindly reply back.\nHave a nice day as am expecting your feedback soon.\nLt General, USAF. Susan J. Helms.
contact me for information to transfer 21.4m to you. I will tell you more information after I get your reply.\nHarley